>> Steve Kinney: So previously,
we have been deploying our application
from the command line manually.
We were creating invalidations manually.
When you do stuff manually, you introduce
a non-zero chance of human error, right?
And you probably don't want that.
So one way to do that is to automate
these things, cuz then, one,
then you don't have to do it,
which is a win, and two,
you reduce the likelihood
that you will do it wrong.
So what we're gonna do is we're
gonna build a CI/CD pipeline for
distributing our application.
I'm gonna use Travis CI.
Quick disclaimer,
I chose Travis CI because it's free for
public repositories and
somewhat easy to get set up.
At SendGrid, we used to use Jenkins,
we now use Buildkite.
So it doesn't really matter,
if you wanna use Circle CI,
it doesn't matter which one you use.
A lot of the basic ideas are the same,
but had to pick one, so here we are.
So here's what we're gonna do.
We're going to add
the repository to Travis CI.
We'll create a configuration for
Travis CI.
And then we will deploy our
application and witness the magic and
glory, that is,
of not having to do anything, cool.